Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Cooper, Theo.
Time to go.
Hey bro,
You got any more of
those smokes?
Quitting anyway.
Muchas gracias.
Public intoxication...
disorderly conduct...
sustained unrest.
Have a nice day.
The board wanted to boot you off.
And I agreed with them.
You can count your lucky
stars it's too late to find someone else.
All the potential in the world, huh?
Many years ago,
the great British explorer,
George Mallory,
who was to die
on Mount Everest, was
asked why did he want to climb it.
He said, "Because it is there."
Well, space is there,
and we're going to climb it.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon
in this decade and do the other things
not because they are easy,
but because they are hard.
Because that goal will
serve to organize and measure the best
of our energies and skills.
We've grown used
to the idea of space
and perhaps we forget
that we've only just begun.
it's hard to dazzle us.
but for twenty-five years
the United States space
program has been doing just that.
And slipped the surly
bounds of earth
to touch the face of God.
We'll start by sending
astronauts to an asteroid
for the first time in history.
By the mid 2030s,
I believe we can
send humans to orbit
Mars and return them
safely to Earth.
And a landing on Mars will follow.
What I hope is that everybody will take
a look at what we are planning.
We will work with a growing array
of private companies
competing to make
getting to space easier
and more affordable.
That's how we'll ensure that
our leadership in space
is even stronger in
this new century
than it was in the last.
At its core, it's a
social experiment
designed to test the psychological
effects of deep space travel.
With Kepler's first actual
manned mission just
a few years away,
we need to know how these four
astronaut hopefuls will react to
unforeseen challenges on board the ship.
You can think of it as a...
an elaborate dress-rehearsal.
Where is this ship you
keep mentioning?
You're sitting on it.
We felt that by placing
them underground,
it would be more realistic and...
well, more inconspicuous.
What are you most
concerned about?
We know that the human mind
can be pretty powerful
when left to its own devices.
And in an environment like this
reality can
become subjective in a hurry.
Dr.McTier is nothing
if not honest.
And...and brave.
- We're all a little crazy to sign
up for a mission this long, but
it's also the quickest way to get
our ticket punched on an actual mission.
And Mr. Dvorak here,
in addition to his regular duties,
has been tasked with creating
a weekly web video
to keep all of you
apprised on the outside.
Can you tell us about some of the
experiments you have planned?
I have a relatively
exciting desk analysis
planned for the
duration of the trip.
The...the amount on my PC will
blow your mind.
What about you, captain?
You've been awfully quiet.
Well, I'm...my girlfriend
just broke up with me
and I'm extremely hung over
from a four day bender, so
I...I don't really know
how much I can contribute
to this conversation.
We also
uh...have planned to throw a
few curve balls at our astronauts
and see how they react to those.
Let's just say that
anything can happen.
Remember our deal.
Well...
You take care of my baby.
Alright?
- Yes, sir.
A big part of me
wishes I was going with you.
If any of you quits early,
I'll 86 your career in a nanosecond.
I'm not kidding.
Alright!
Godspeed. See you at launch.
You know this mission's
fake, right?
I don't care.  It's so cool.
Alright, what's the 411 on the
power situation?
Solar ray looks A-okay, we've got
22% efficiency with 4000 watt megs.
- And the O2?
- Good, 21%.
Alrighty, let's get
this party started.
Current weather conditions look good,
Everyone is secure and accounted for?
- Yes sir.
- Life systems?
- Good to go.
- Medical?
- Go.
- Engineering?
- Go!
Roger that.
- You can pre-start.
- Well, I got BPUs.
- You are on internal power. Over.
- Yes, sir.
T minus 10...9...
8...7...
6...5...
4... 3...
2...1...
Ignition.
And liftoff!
All engines look good.
Getting roaming...
Altitude is right on mark.
All systems look good.
Velocity 32,000 feet per second
down range 1800 miles.
Initiate separation
Warning! Separation failure
Payload  is still attached.
It says the detach button.
It must not have unhinged itself.
Maybe it's stuck.
- Failure to drop it will
result in complete disintegration
Theo!
Yeah.  Well,
um...Bug, what's our speed?
Mach one-nine.
What if we adjust our pinch 2 degrees
to expose the shroud to the windstream?
Are you sure? I...I don't know
if that's gonna be enough to shake it off.
Or will it slow our velocity
down to the point
where we all die a
miserable death?
Mission control, permission to adjust
Star One pitch 2 degrees.
Permission granted.
Adjusting pitch.
Separation achieved.
Crisis averted.
Exiting Earth's atmosphere in 3...2...1..
Congratulations.
You passed your first test.
Go ahead, get yourselves situated
in your bunks.
You'll find that I have left
each of you with a little parting gift.
I'll talk to you tomorrow
at 10:00 hours.
Mission control out.
It's so clinical.
I guess we're home.
Thank you, Walter!
Are you doing okay?
Yeah, fine.
When Nikki and I split up,
I used to pour cough syrup on my cereal.
Bug, I'm fine.
Thanks.
Hey.
Come on in.  Have a seat.
So, I'm just going to be
asking you a few questions
to establish a mental health base-line.
Very technical.
Just doing my job.
Then you can be out of here.
"In the past two
weeks, how many hours
of sleep have you been
getting a night?"
Not enough.
"On a scale of one to ten,
where would you
place your ability to fulfill
mission duties?"
Ten.
"What is your current mood?"
Tired...
and a little hung over.
Tired and hung over aren't
moods, I need
something like happy,
sad, depressed...angry.
Depressed.
Angry...
and confused.
"Are there any particular reasons why
you might be feeling this way?"
Please, don't play games with me.
Theo, I'm sorry. these are only
the questions on the list.
The woman I wanted to marry
decided she wasn't ready,
and called it quits.
It's more complicated than that.
Enlighten me.
Yeah, Theo, not everything
is as easy as you want it to be.
What does that mean? What, what?
It means we're done here, Thank you.
Yes.
And here we have our cook
who's preparing the ship's
very first meal.
Bug, what is on the menu?
I am not the cook,
we take turns and this
is re-hydrated mushrooms.
Yikes.
Let's hope we make it through the night.
Alright, is this all we have?
Because I'm starving.
Kitchen is closed after this, sir.
What's with the bear?
My good-luck charm.
How old are you?
Old enough to know
when someone's being an ass.
What the hell is that?
Immunization boosters.
Wait a second.
No, No. No.
Nobody said anything
about getting shots.
Uh, yeah they did, during training.
When you're in close quarters, makes
you more susceptible to viruses,
any long term illness could
jeopardize the mission.
And who knows what
you brought on with you.
I remember everything...always
and I don't remember that.
Come on, now.
Afraid of a little shot?
No, I am not.  Not at all.
Maybe she'll give you
a lollipop when you're all done.
Arm.
All done.
How's the water?
Fine. Why?
I... ran our forward
osmosis reclaimer,
before we sat down,
so, it's recycled pee.
I am drinking my own pee?
Well, there is no way to
tell if it's yours specifically.
Oh, okay, and as far as this
uh, soup went, is that
my own shit?
Because it tasted like it.
What's up?
Listen, we're gonna be here for
a long time, so I thought
if you need something--
- No, I'm good.
Just see how you're doing.
- Uh...
- Well if you need anybody,
don't hesitate.
- I won't.
Good night.
Okay, Uh...
We try to get
regular workouts here,
Want to keep our
health up for when we
get ready for actual space travel.
And, so this little gym...
our gym away from home.
Alright...Lets go to sprint.
And allow me to
show you the kitchen
where we have our cook
preparing the ship's first official meal.
Bug, what's on the menu?
I am not the cook, we take turns
and this is re-hydrated mushrooms.
Yikes. Let's hope we make
it through the night.
You know what time it is?
It is time to play
a little game I call
"Emily's perceptional
monumental chronology test
that infers the temporal
sequencing content
and duration of cognitive operations."
Or we can... we
can call it "memory,"
that's another way.
You flip them over
until you find a match.
We're going to play
this once a month
to check progress or lack thereof.
Ready?
Please begin.
Done.
Are we...are we moving?
This...is some simulation.
Uh, uh maybe we're
passing through an asteroid belt.
Unlikely. The only belt
of significance is beyond Mars,
we only have another 60 million
kilometers to go.
Let's check with mission control.
Mission control, please copy.
Walter, do you copy?
Do you copy?
Warning! Recalibrating solar
energy retention.
Shit!
Warning.
- Look, solar array.
Warning! Recalibrating solar
energy retention.
The batteries are fine,
but we're still getting
a little bit of power from the solar array.
So what's the problem?
I think those bastards ruined
the solar panels.
Is there anything
we can do about it?
This is obviously one of
Walter's curve balls. Right?
So let's just not freak
out and conserve power for a while.
No big deal.
Walter, come in.
Walter, this is Emily, I'm alone
and I need to speak with you.
I need you to answer.
Walter, please come in.
it's Emily, and I need to speak with you.
Walter, please answer.
I need to talk to you.
Hey.
- Jesus...
- How you doing?
Um...still trying to reach
mission control.
This is just part
of the simulation, right?
Yeah. Sure.
It's probably the reason we were left with
enough power to keep the systems running.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Let me get some sleep.
A happy birthday, by the way.
Thanks.
Ah, come on.
You taking this so seriously.
Yeah it's a big deal.
They're investing a lot of
time and money into it.
Yeah, and you're gonna be fine.
I guess I can't do this whole
apathetic thing as well as you do.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing.
Hey...
Do you think we're making a mistake?
You and I?
Well, I don't really give a shit.
You are such a fun kid.
You're quite a mystery, hum?
Fine. I call.
All in.
Can you beat it?
Yeah. You might want
to work on your bluffing skills.
Come on, it's just a
friendly competition.
- Look what I found.
- A little stowaway.
Alright, put that thing
in the bucket.
- And then what?
- We dispose of it.
Dispose? When?
What do you mean dispose?
I am going to eliminate the
little jerk because it's unsanitary.
No, Jonathan is...
the mouse is a member of the crew.
Who, Jonathan?
He has a name?
Of course he has a name!
and he has just as much a right
to be here as the rest of us.
Bug...I...
- He is a crew member.
- You know what, Bug? How about this:
There is no way in hell that
you're going to keep...
No, no, no!
Am I the only sane one here?
Okay, we can't have a germ
infested rodent running around.
- Cold!
- What boy? You more than anybody...
- Calm--
- Guys... Stop it, okay?
Don't...don't touch me.
Hey, stop it, hey!
Hey, knock it off!
Theo, stop it!
Alright, stop it, that is enough!
Seriously?
You okay, Bug?
Just a couple seconds.
I got dizzy...
A little nosebleed,
and then I was fine.
It's 'cause you're an asshole.
And probably dehydrated.
You really need to
start taking better care of yourself.
Yeah, sure.
You know, we've been
down here for a while now,
and you still haven't
talked about your family.
That's because there
is not much to talk about.
You know, I'd think
that you'd have to have
some sort of connection. Friends
family, something.
You read my file?
Dad was a pilot,
mom self-medicated.
Sent to boarding school
when I was eight and
they decided to stop visiting
altogether when I was eleven.
Needless to say I learned
a lot about life pretty early on.
This is probably a
small consolation, but...
I mean, down here we're
all kinda like a little family?
I think that 'family'
is greatly over-rated.
But...I hope that
if there's anything wrong with me--
Can you..uh..
can you send Bug in for me please?
Emily, I'm sorry, about that.
It's fine.
Ah, she's already seen
that, Bug.
You missed a spot.
Damn!
Buried in a field, going nowhere,
zero communication, no sun,
all alone,
Well, you mentioned feeling
guilty about leaving your son.
I just wish I could see him.
Yeah.
What was his name?
Sam.
He is a great kid.
What if you
wrote him a letter?
And hide it under my pillow?
No, thanks.
Mission control, do you copy?
Anybody, anybody.
Anybody...
Do you copy?
Copy...
Is this part
of your plan, Walter?
Hey Bug!
Bug, is this urine?
Yeah.
Can you recycle it
for me please?
Bug, we're worried about
you, okay?
It's not healthy for
you to contain yourself like this.
I'm fine. I just need to
finish something
in here first then I'll be right out.
Bug, as a medical adviser,
I'm going to need to...
I said I'm fine!
I'll be right out!
(child's laughter)
(more laughter)
Sam!
Sam?
Hi Daddy.
Where's Mom?
Around.
Hey did I tell you that I made it to the
final round in that astronaut thing?
Can I come with you?
Wish you could, bud.
How long are you gonna be gone?
I'm gonna be gone a long time.
(loud crash)
(more crashes)
What did we do?
Nothing.
Because nobody's supposed
to know we're here.
Well, then who is it?
Protocol says we have to
ignore it.
(knocking)
I can't...
I'm going to go to bed.
It'll stop, eventually.
Right?
What the hell was that?
What...What's wrong?
Hey, Bug!
Stop!
Who is he?
Jesus...
It's okay.
We just want to help you.
Okay. He's sedated.
But how did he get in?
He fought his way through
an access panel on the science module.
I'm telling you that bastard
wanted in.
He wanted in.
- Yeah, but why?
- Did he say anything?
- Wait, it doesn't make any sense.
People don't...
people don't live like this.
This doesn't make any sense.
Something else is going on.
I mean, we're trapped
down here
In this...in this fucking...
...in this metal tube,
we're not in communication,
we don't have any light,
it doesn't make any sense.
Something else is going on.
- Bug!
- Hey! I'll get some water.
(gasping for air)
Dvorak, wake up!
Wake up!
Emily!
Emily, wake up!
- Emily!
- What's happening?
I don't know. Emily,
wake up! Emily!
Emily?
Shit,
she's not breathing.
get some oxygen!
Alright, come on!
Please!
Breathe.
It's okay!
You're breathing!
You're here! You're here!
- I can't breathe...
- I know, shush...
Nice and slow.
Slowly, breathe...
Have you all seen
my bear?
Not now, Bug.
It's gone.
I think that man has it.
Where'd he go?
The breach in the hull
caused our air
to mix with the outside air.
Why would fresh
air be the problem?
Maybe it's a loss of
cabin pressure.
Our oxygen levels
have been slowly dropping.
Steadily, for months.
Never holding at 15 percent.
Wouldn't the computer
warn us about that?
Something...is very
wrong out there.
So what do we do?
We need to watch each other.
Our bodies are going to
slowly adjust
but we're still gonna
be under the effects of hypoxia.
Headaches, delusions...
...memory loss, hallucinations...
How much oxygen do we have left?
We have four or five tanks.
It's not going to last long.
Seal that breach
and we should be fine.
No, there's no fixing the breach.
This is not what we signed up for.
- This is exactly what we signed up for.
- No! It's not!
She almost died!
Alright?
We're getting out of here.
There's no way
that we're leaving here.
We're almost to the end.
If you open up that hatch,
we all lose!
Don't you get it?
It's all a simulation.
For all we know, she
could be faking it!
Faking?
All that data could
have been pre-recorded.
And as our captain, you should
know that we should handle this on-board!
I'm not going to
sit here and debate with you.
Either move--
- Or what?
Sorry.
Bug, I have an idea.
Where are we?
Where did all this dust
come from?
It's too cold.
We got to suit up.
If we take a sample
of this stuff, can you analyze it?
Yeah. Of course.
Alright.
It's designed to
only open from the outside.
I'm not sure I can re-lock it.
Oh, shit.
I have no idea. Right now,
and-- anything is possible.
None of this is making sense.
I know what this is.
They moved us into a giant dome
and made it look like
an alien planet.
It seems obvious to me.
- Come on, Dvorak.
Really, smart guy?
Alright, what's your theory?
Global warming, nuclear war,
Maybe they flew us to
another planet.
I...uh...I analyzed the sample,
and it's pretty crazy.
Um...it's mostly ice
crystals, with carbon,
feldspars, pyroxenes,
a high concentration
of titanium,
and magnesium...
- And?
And uh...armalcolite.
You know armacolite, that doesn't...
Doesn't exist on earth.
First discovered on the moon.
Apollo 11 mission.
You sure?
- Yeah.
I couldn't believe it,
so I ran it again.
The same results.
That's brilliant. They sprinkled
that stuff around the ship
because they knew we would test it.
I'm seriously impressed.
- Guys, we have no answers.
So, what do we do?
We've got to leave
the ship, see what the hell's going on.
You guys better suit up.
It's cold outside.
- Suit up...
- You know they're pretend suits, right?
They weren't meant to--
- Fine.
Go out there without them.
- Are you sure you're okay?
- I'm fine. Thank you.
This is a dream, right?
Or a nightmare.
Where are the trees?
There used to be trees here, guys.
You guys remember?
Doesn't...do you...
doesn't anybody else not see the trees?
Bug...listen to me...
This is just an experiment.
The shots they gave us,
psychotropic drugs.
Used to open us
up to suggestion and paranoia.
This is just a game.
Maybe we're dead.  Are we dead?
Maybe the last bit of electrical energy
in our synapses is expiring...
Maybe it's a collective hallucination.
I've heard about African tribes--
I don't think so, Bug.
It happens all the time.
Accounts of people
seeing the Virgin Mary,
sailors seeing ghost ships
that are
there one minute and gone
the next.
Hey Bug, you feel that?
- Yeah.
- Good, that's how you know it's real.
What...what about our families?
Our friends...are they dead?
Just calm down. okay?
There must be some kind
of explanation for all of this.
(child laughing)
You okay?
- Did you hear that?
- Hear what, Bug?
Laughter.
I heard-- heard laughter.
It's okay, Bug,
it's just the wind.
Hey
How long have we
been walking?
I don't know.
Maybe an hour or two?
Looks like Walter spared
no expense.
The same guy
who broke into our ship.
Look at this.
Somebody crossed out
each one of these cities,
except for this one here.
What do you think it means?
I don't know. Maybe
they were looking for something.
Survivors?
Maybe. Guys, check it out.
Let's see if we can find somebody who
knows what the hell's   going on.
Everything okay?
Shh!
I'm looking for microphones.
Hidden cameras.
You know that Walter is
watching us right now
and he is laughing his ass off.
Aren't you, Walter?
Let's go.
Seriously?
So I take it we're leaving?
# Daisy, Daisy, give
me your answer do... #
# I'll go crazy #
# All for the love of you. #
# There won't be a
stylish marriage, #
# We can't afford a carriage... #
# But you’ll look sweet upon the seat
of a bicycle built for two #
I think I see it.
Yeah, looks like they
left the lights on.
I'm taking mine off.
Hello!
Earth to civilization,
anyone home?
What the hell is that for?
No one's gonna mind.
Besides, a little noise
might get us some attention.
Hello?
Party of four?
Excuse me?
You're here to eat, right?
No.  No.
We need to
know what happened.
What do you mean?
I mean...
How bad was it?
Is everyone gone?
Is it like this everywhere?
Come on in.
You're hungry, right?
Come.
Come in, come in.
Come on in, sit down.
Um, we're  actually--
we're not here to eat.
We just need to--
- (wispering)  In a minuite, miss.
First we eat.
Darla!
We got guests!
Now, my name is Zell.
I'll be your host,
you hang tight,
and my wife will bring your
food out in a moment.
Okay, what the hell is
going on here?
I'm not eating whatever
he brings us.
Isn't it odd that all of the
street lights are on?
Probably running on a generator.
Yes, why?
I mean, why waste all the power?
It's dark, people need
to see.
I think they're meant
to be seen from a distance.
These people look familiar to you?
I don't think so.
Look again, 'cause...
don't they seem like the reporters
from the press conference?
See this hot chick behind
me in this booth over here?
That's Miss February.
Yeah, I know her...
very well.
I don't want to be
here anymore,
I don't know what's going on.
I wanna go home.
She is my queen.
The diamond that holds my heart.
The best darn wife
that a man could hope for.
- We're not married.
- We're just waiting for the right...
...time, that's all.
Right time...
there's no right time anymore.
Can you please tell us
what's going on...here?
We're all awfully confused.
Aren't we all?
Why won't anyone
just give us a straight answer?
Because they're fishing.
Have you seen any other survivors?
No.
You see?
Have-- have you just been hiding-out then?
Yep.
That's smart.
You can't trust anybody
these days.
Why's that?
You got these fancy suits,
you have these fancy helmets,
what else you got?
I apologize.
Formally, I apologize.
Sometimes my curiosity just...
gets the best of me.
People like us need to stick together.
Look ah, we appreciate
your...hospitality,
but we really need some
answers. We need to know...
what's going on.
Everything.
Everything?
Yeah.
You know nothing?
You must have had
a really good hiding spot!
The truth is...
nobody knows what happened.
It's just the black... thing...
in the sky
smacked into the moon
and then sent a cloud of dust into a ring
up into space and not long
after that, it just
started raining down on us and...
we sucked it right up.
Fellows over there,
they're conspiracy nut jobs,
hear what I'm saying...
nukes and aliens!
Shit like that.
If the government knew about it...
they did not give one
bit of warning. Not one at all.
I hate to be the bearer
of bad news, but...
we might be the only ones left.
- It's delicious.
- Thank you.  My own recipe.
I have a question for you, Zell.
About the press conference.
- Come again?
The press conference.
The one before we left.
I just... I can't seem to
place you.
I think your friend here has
been beaten one too many
times with the crazy stick.
That's good.  You are good.
This guy's good.
I'm... I'm the crazy one.
Next thing you know you're going to tell
me that earpiece isn't a hearing aid.
Walter is feeding you lines
right now, right?
You're good at...
testing my patience.
- Zell!
- Sorry about that!
Sorry about that.
How'd you all fare so well?
Look, we just got lucky.
A little thing...
I like to call
pride of ownership.
In this here town, it's
all we've got.
We just like to make sure
so it's in...
tip top shape, so
you folks can spend the night
and after that,
you're going to have to get going.
Eat up.
I'll get some blankets and
stuff from the back.
Oh, if you are done up to it...
if you're parched...
I got a little watering-hole right on down
the street, you're welcome to it.
I'll leave the door unlocked.
You guys aren't buying
any of this, right?
Yeah...
Okay, look, you don't think it's odd that
Bug did a dust analysis...
and found magical moon dirt, then we
get a map that leads us directly here.
This whack-a-doo here says
the moon was struck.
That is very convenient.
I know it sounds crazy,
but think about it.
It all adds up.
Whatever.
You guys can sit
here and cry in your soup.
Tell me you're kidding.
No, I'm not kidding.
I've been locked in a box
for over a year.
I'm going to the bar.
Come on.
I don't think we should split up.
Let's go.
What the hell is this place?
(laughs)
Alright.
- Four beers.
- No beer.
Just the house special.
- What's that?
- The less you see the better.
- Sounds delicious.
Is this going to be on Zell's tab?
Ah! Wow!
Four of those.  That's it.
Hi
Six.
It's nice to be
amongst the living again, huh?
Thanks.
For putting up with
my bullshit for the last year.
You guys are the closest thing
I've had to a family in-- in a long time.
I need another.
Hi.
Hey.
What's a tall drink of handsome like you
doing in a place like this?
I'm just looking for someone who
likes to mix her metaphors.
Oh, seriously, what are you
doing here?
Let's just say that...uh...
I'm tired of simulating.
Yeah...
Does this feel real enough?
It's a good start.
Okay, am I the only one
here that thinks this is not a good idea?
Yeah, I'll go get him.
Hey.
Hey!
Have you seen my friend?
That guy that was here
with that girl.
No.
No?
He's gone.
What do you mean?
Must have left with the woman.
Unbelievable.
We'll just wait for a bit.
Maybe he'll show up.
Yeah.
I think it's time for you to leave.
I don't think he's coming back.
Maybe Dvorak was right.
Maybe Dvorak was right,  this was all
some sort of exercise
And we're all
just being played, and
he was able to see
through it from the beginning.
For all we know, he could be back
at mission control right now.
Or maybe we're all in mission
control right now
just sleeping. This is just
some sort of a dream...
or maybe it's...
maybe we were drugged.
- Bug!
- It feels like...
some sort of drug-induced...
- Bug!
You should really get
some sleep, okay?
Yeah, we should sleep in shifts.
One of us should stand watch.
I'll go first.
- No, I'll...I'll go.
I don't think I can
sleep right now anyway.
Bug, I don't think that's
a really good idea.
Please?
Okay.
How is he?
Shh!
(whispering) Sam.
Sam?
Hi Bug.
What you doing back here?
Have you seen our friend Bug?
Everything okay?
Where's Bug?  Where’s Dvorak?
Have you seen our friends?
- What friends?
- The guys that we came with.
It's only been you two.
No.
You're oxygen deprived.
That's what it is.
Now you start seeing
things that aren't there.
or not seeing things
that are there.
No, there was two
other guys here that were with us.
Hey, hey, whoa.
What are you doing?
Looking for cameras, microphones.
- Theo.
- Whoa. Hey!
I don't get what you're
trying to pull,
but I think it's time you head back
to your ship.
What'd you say?
He said you should head back.
I--
No, you said ship.
How did you know we
were on a ship?
Let's go.  No, wait.
- Theo,
- Where's Walter?
- Theo.
- Okay, Tell Walter that...
this isn't funny anymore.
Hey, Theo, let's go. This
isn't a game. We gotta leave.
Theo, come on,
we've got to find shelter.
We can't leave them.
Emily!
Emily where are you?
Emily?
Help.
Come help me.
Thank you.
I'm sorry
Theo!
Where did you go?
- My God, what happened?
- You okay?
We gotta... we gotta go.
Right here.  Here.
I'm gonna go look in there.
This is going to
stop the bleeding, okay?
Where'd you get that?
My first-aid kit.
I always  have it with me.
That was not from the ship.
All mission items are bar-coded.
Track usage.  It doesn't have one.
Theo.
You need to relax, okay?
You're in shock.
Come on.
Let's get the hell out of here.
I don't think we can make it
back to the ship.
Almost done.
You really need to get some rest.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
What did Walter whisper
to you...
before we got on the ship?
Um... I don't remember.
There's this thing that you do
when keeping a secret:
you pull your ear lobe,
kind of like you're doing right now.
What did he say to you?
He asked if we still had a deal.
What...what...
what do you mean? What deal?
Two weeks before we left
for the mission,
he told me that if I didn't end it,
that he was going
to kick me off the mission.
End it? What do
you mean? You mean--
You mean us?
Why?
He said the research that
he needed to see...
if we could still
fulfill our duties after our breakup,
Why didn't you just tell me?
Why didn't you just talk to me about this?
We could have figured it out.
We could have faked it.
I would have told you
if I could, but
there's no way, and
you know it. Walter would have known.
He was watching us 24/7.
And I wanted us to
do this mission together.
And I thought at least this way
we could still do it.
I would have told you.
I would have risked it.
I was scared, Theo.
Believe me, I wanted
to tell you.
You wanted to tell me.
I'm sorry.
So am I.
Maybe Bug was right.
Maybe this was just a nightmare.
Yeah, now I'm ready
to wake up.
(whispering) Theo?
We should go.
I never thought I would
be so happy to see it again.
Bug?
Dvorak?
Okay?
Bug?
They're here.
Who? Zell?
It's so stupid.
They let us escape so
they could follow us back here.
What do we do?
The only thing we can.
We defend the ship,
we fight back.
Hurry. We can't lock the hatch.
I'm going to climb up
and find a place to hide.
Be careful.
Hello!
You don't look so good.
What'd you do with my friends?
Your friends?
Nothing.
Your friends are back in town.
We just came here to get you.
Bring you back.
Why don't you put
down your knife, too?
You and I will go back together.
Congratulations.
You made it.
I know the voyage was
frought with difficulties and surprises.
I just want you to know
from the bottom of my heart
how proud I am of you.
Thank you...  honestly,  again...
from the bottom of my heart.
Anyway, there's a lot
of people out here
who are anxious to
say hello to you.
To thank you just like me, so...
Let's come on out of there,
and let's call this mission done.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org